New option to work with one or more hex.pm mirrors (#197)
erlef/setup-beam: README.md

**Note**: the `otp-version: false` input is only applicable when installing Gleam.

> ## Hex.pm mirrors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Alternative Hex.pm mirrors
```

> It is possible to define the hex.pm mirror(s) to use including their order with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use alternative hex.pm mirror(s), in their declared order, with
```

> option `hexpm-mirrors`. By default, the action will fetch from `builds.hex.pm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option `hexpm-mirrors`. By default, the action will use `builds.hex.pm`.
```

> To define several mirrors, simply put each in a given line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use other alternative mirrors, add one per line, as shown below.
```

> To use `cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex` instead of `repo.hex.pm`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: To remove, as it'll be suggested as a comment, below.

```yaml
# create this in .github/workflows/ci.yml
on: push

jobs:
  test:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: erlef/setup-beam@v1
        with:
          otp-version: '25'

>           hexpm-mirrors: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Use `cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex` as an alternative to `repo.hex.pm`
          hexpm-mirrors: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex
```

```

> To try `cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex` if `builds.hex.pm` fails:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may try `cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex` if `builds.hex.pm` fails:
```

```yaml
# create this in .github/workflows/ci.yml
on: push

jobs:
  test:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: erlef/setup-beam@v1
        with:
          otp-version: '25'

>           hexpm-mirrors: |
>             https://builds.hex.pm
>             https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          hexpm-mirrors:
            - https://builds.hex.pm
            - https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex
```
